"Trogeta" I thought to do because today, as we all know, it's a very special day according
to the Buddhism. It is the day Buddha actually performed so many beneficial activities in
his life to benefit for all living beings without any discrimination, without any partialities
through his love, compassion, wisdom, and ability that he helped. Among those all the activities
summarized by the great master Maitrya, Maitrya, the future upcoming Buddha Maitrya, summarized
into 12 deeds, which is a very high line of activities that Buddha did, 12 activities.
Among that 12 activities, this month, according to the great Buddhism, happened, happened
among the 12, about five of them. Really, this month happened. That means this month
happened just, I mean, before this, two weeks, within a two-week period, that all, what I
say, among six major, 12 major activities, Buddha, that five of them, I think it happened
in this month, in within this two weeks, those are the first one is the birth, birth date.
The Buddha's enlightenment, Buddha, born in, according to Vedic calendar, which is on the
seventh day of the lunar calendar of the fourth month of the Sagatavas. Then, and now, final one,
is enlightenment, and then Mahaparin Narayana. But among that true Mahaparin Narayana and his
enlightenment, again, great master and the future Buddha Maitrya, I mean, in Vedic, this is not
just
the only matter, he said, but it's very known to everyone. And one of the activities is known as
walking toward the Bodhi tree. The Buddha walked toward Bodhi tree before he got enlightenment,
that I'm, so he walked to the Bodhi tree with courage, with commitment, with confidence, with
the determination. What a determination of courage and commitment, he said, I'm going to, I'm going
to propel and achieve my final goal of the accumulated, the married, the Puertoican-less eons,
I'm going to achieve, going to propel that goal, right on this, so that with that great commitment,
with that commitment, vision, commitment, courage. And then he walked toward the Bodhi tree, and
then
there's many teachings on that. But I walked and said, lay out beautiful kusha grass that he
received from the young boy, known as grass-cell rashi, mangalam boy received. And like I said,
it's beautiful, like green, like as feathers from the from the peacock on the neck, so beautiful,
that he lay out so evenly under the Bodhi tree. And then he sat down, facing to the east, then he
said,
I'm never going to move from this seat without obtaining my enlightenment. Whether my bone is
cracking, my bone is dried up by the heat, oil is cracking, no matter what he was saying, I'm never
going to move from this cushion without obtaining the fulfillment and the goal of the enlightenment
,
or the goal of the three countless eons, accumulated married, versus married, I'm going to achieve.
And
with that commitment, he sat down, sitting on that radial, close radial leg, facing to the east. So
that is known as one of the really, his major activities. Because his courage, his commitment,
his determination, his vision, he came with that commitment, but I walked on to that. And the
second
activity, the next activity is to resume with all the Mahārās. Right after that, there's
according
to Kṛṣṇa Kṛṣṇa, you know that. There's so many disturbances that happened, external,
and all the
Mahārās and obstacles started coming, trying to do, deduct him in the popular object ways. So
many
ways, trying to, trying to interfer his realization and achievement. But the mother never moved,
never
shake. That never did. Everything is subdued by his radial leg samadhi, as well as his lowing kind,
his compared to meditation. All that's subdued, right there. That is known as the activity of the
concurring of the all the Mahārās. Then in the morning, at the early of the dawn of the morning,
morning, and then he reached enlightenment. Of course, that is a great activity, enlightenment
activities. He reached enlightenment. So today, major activities all happened these days. I move
this, related with enlightenment. And then at 81 or 82 or 88, depending with the different
knowledge systems, then he entered Mahārās in the run at the same time. Same date. So therefore,
this date is considered, or this month is considered, into very calendar, multiple month,
as you all know. And that's where we all went to practice, restore our courage and commitment,
and inspiration, and determination, and joyful effort with dharma, and to live for the beautiful
goal. We all are followers of the gracious teacher, Buddha Shātamuni, and Gaurabha Masambhava, so
wish
their blessings, and their power, and love, and compassion, and courage, and commitment. Also,
really receive us, so we will be rewarded with courage, and very strong, and stand, and fearless
to achieve the goal of enlightenment, to defeat it, or to remove all the ego clingings and the
negative ideas. And this is according to Buddhism, it is very big goal. And to follow this, we need
courage and commitment to goal, because there are so many interpretations of this, to achieve that
goal. And so, we need steady, fast commitment, and goal, and the vision, and the determination,
combined with the joyful effort, with then bodhicata, rafuja, those vowels, all that. So that's
what
really we taught to do this ceremony, and practice, we all restore our, this connection to the dh
arma.
And so, we do, therefore we taught, I taught to do this rafuja, renewing the rafuja, practices of
vowels,
and then along with the bodhicata. And now, in order to do that, of course, I think you all know,
we're going to join this instruction of the here. In this text, actually it has also, of course,
this is the known highlight of the bodhicata vowels. But, when we take the bodhicata vowels,
always we need to take rafuja too. Rafuja is a foundation of all the Buddha teachings, doesn't
matter, whatever schools we belong, or the, whether we are in the first Buddhist schools,
or Buddhist foundation schools, or Mahayana, Sotr Mahayana, Vaidhayana, Mahayana, or any
or in a tantra, out of that practice, rafuja is foundation. And along with that, bodhicata is so
important. So therefore, here is rafuja, and I thought we do it together here, together. But,
you know, to strengthen our intention, that correct our motivation and intention, again,
joy and appreciation, and then also feel strong connection to the Buddha, and bodhisattvas, all
the enlightenment beings, all Buddha dharmasangas. It feels strongly. This is one of the beautiful
moment in our life. We're restoring, strengthening our connection to Buddha, Buddha dharmasanga,
all our practices, and bodhicata, how wonderful. We also combine that attitude with the bodhicata,
what are we doing tonight, made that benefit of all living beings to the enlightenment, really
which
is sincerely, and then as well as also made benefit of brain to the peace, harmony, and really
understanding to each other. So there is no more wars, no more disasters, no more earthquakes, no
more,
my any bad things, disease, really which sincerely from the heart, and that which is known as then
practice on bodhisattva, bodhicata practices too. So therefore all those beautiful tools of our
mental,
that rich qualities, and brain thought, and then we do this practice. First we feel strong presence
of bodhakshatyam, right in front of our sky. Buddha is sitting on the lines turn, lot of sun and
moon,
sitting with the radial postures, and then we all know Buddha is so calm, peaceful, and soothing,
calming, and golden radiating, golden light to all of us, and then sitting and looking to us with,
right in front of us, and the Buddha is surrounded by such as Gharip and Masamur, Bodhisattva, Tar
am,
and all the bodhisattva, every enlightened beings, and Arhatas, all are here, everyone in front of
that we may own, all kind of offerings, all, every offering exists, the existing offering, mental
offerings on every, really with full of devotion, joy, impaired, and confident, and just pure
presence,
and then we renew bodhicata, rahudu vows, and as well as bodhicata vows, but also I was kind
of reminded each time that we just treat things, so we do that, and I just told you talk about that
,
really about that, and now we begin these practices, if you have this copy, so please open your
booklet,
if you don't have that, then maybe you can share that too, so now we've moved to the page one.